
Dear Abba;

	I've been really slow in getting this together.  Hopefully we
can get it in so we can make 433 an official course for year
2005-2006.  But, if it doesn't make it for that year, thats
fine--since most of the students can probably put it off a year and
take it the following year.

later,

dean

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Supporting material:

A syllabus of concepts is at:

	http://gosset.wharton.upenn.edu/~foster/teaching/433/description.html

and a schedule of classes from last spring is at:

	http://gosset.wharton.upenn.edu/~foster/teaching/433

I've attached copies of the course evaluations.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Sample letter:

To curriculum committee chair:


Last year we introduced Statistics 433X: Introduction to Stochastic
processes.  The statistics department would like to convert this
course from an experimental course to a permanent course.

We have been working on having more undergraduates major in
statistics.  Or more accurately, do concentrations in statistics.
Towards this ends, we have been working on developing course that are
targeted at these students.  This course works towards that goal.  On
question 10, "Would you recommend this course to a major?" the course
got a 3.8/4.0.  

Last year, it ran with an enrollment of 17 students.  There are
currently 11 students preregistered for spring 2005.  Since this
course is targeting statistics majors, these enrollment figures are
about what we would expect them to be.

Dean Foster taught the course last spring and will teach it again this
spring.  We expect that he will continue teaching it for the first few
years that it is offered.  He received a teaching rating of 3.67, and
the course got a 3.33.  These are both significantly higher than our
typical courses.  

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Excerpts from student evaluations:

"Dean Foster is an outstanding teacher and explicator of relatively
difficult concepts.   This was an execellent class in terms of amount
learned in a short time period." ...

"I wish I had taken ths course earlier so that I could have used it as
context for my finance classes.  THe weekly HW's were often quite time
consuming, but were definitely necessary to learn the material."

"Excellent professor.  He keeps the class lively, and he does not get
caught up in the details of the mathematics."

"Hardest class I have had at Penn, but great teacher." ...




